docs(nxdevkit): executor with plugin (#6154)
nrwl/nx: nx-dev/nx-dev/public/documentation/latest/shared/tools-workspace-builders.md

## Creating an executor

The best way to create an executor is to use the `@nrwl/nx-plugin` package.

```bash

> nx g @nrwl/nx-plugin:plugin local

Reviewer: Is this package included with a new workspace?

```

> This creates a plugin for you named `local`. If you already have a plugin in your workspace, you can use the `@nrwl/nx-plugin:executor` generator to add a new executor to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a plugin for you named `local`. If you already have a plugin in your workspace, use the `@nrwl/nx-plugin:executor` generator to add a new executor to it.
```

This example describes a single option for the executor that is a `string` called `textToEcho`. When using this executor, specify a `textToEcho` property inside the options.

> In our `executor.ts` file, we're creating an `Options` interface that matches the json object being described here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `executor.ts` file, you create an `Options` interface that matches the JSON object described here.
```

}
```

### executors.json

The `executors.json` file provides the description of your executor to the CLI.

```json
{
  "executors": {
    "build": {
      "implementation": "./src/executors/build/executor",
      "schema": "./src/executors/build/schema.json",
      "description": "Runs `echo` (to test executors out)."
    }
  }
}
```

> Note that this `executors.json` file is naming our executor 'echo' for the CLI's purposes, and mapping that name to the given implementation file and schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this `executors.json` file is naming the executor 'echo' for the CLI's purposes, and mapping that name to the given implementation file and schema.
```
